I'm not going to tell you.
And so Sagami went to see his husband.
When he heard that my daughter had died,
he gave up and said goodbye to the original.
He wanted to take back the house of Atsumori and Kojiro.
He was in a hurry and went to the forest.
He was worried about the forest.
He took Atsumori home.
He called back the house of Atsumori.
Kojiro was worried.
He was worried.
He went to the forest.
He cried and cried.
He was lonely.
He was happy and he came back.
Kojiro was worried.
He was worried.
He was happy and he came back.
Kojiro was crying.
He was crying.
He was worried.
He was happy and he came back.
Kojiro was worried.
He was worried.